Added Code42 to generic file retrieval, skipped unavailable playbooks (#11151)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/Playbooks/playbook-Get_File_Sample_By_Hash_-_Generic_v3_README.md

> 'This playbook returns a file sample correlating to a hash in the War Room using the following sub-playbooks:'

Reviewer: please fix that in the yml file too
```suggestion
This playbook returns a file sample correlating to a hash in the War Room using the following sub-playbooks:
```
